Before the video starts, I would like to congratulate all of our friends who
watched the last video.
Remind everyone to build a small spacex stock codename FLY Because our U.
S.
stock investment network talked very directly in the last issue FLY has great
potential It is not just a rocket launch company It is also a moon lander
company A defense software company that has entered the five-corner building
Golden Dome contract system As well as a track transfer aircraft company When I
mentioned it in the video, the stock price was about $32 And we found out
earlier that the stock price was only $23 To date, the stock price has risen to
$41.
1 The cumulative rise is close to 79% What is more surprising is not only the
performance of the stock We are at $1.
35 FLY looks at the rise of 7 Up to now, it has achieved about 9 times the rise
At the same time, we look back at the 10 stocks in the video at the beginning
of 2026 Recommended 14 companies 11 up 3 down Accuracy rate 79% Of which, there
are 5 up to 50% GLW Dragon Head stock rose 100% So you will find that no matter
how the market fluctuates As long as we focus on the basic face of the company
's in-depth research The so-called technical impact is often just a stage
disturbance The stock price will eventually return to its original value Ref
lects whether the company is continuing to improve its profitability Join our
VIP potential stock recommendation Get 10 times the big bull stock in the
second half of 2026 Add WeChat or Telegram Good start Many people think that
the most dangerous part of this round of AI is The early investment is huge,
but the return is limited The risk of bubble is accumulating rapidly But after
I read Morgan Stanley's 51-page latest speech What really made my back cold was
not the bubble itself What is really worrisome is that the risk structure
behind this heat wave May be more complicated than any round of technology
bubbles in the past It's like the 19th century railway frenzy Because you have
to smash the money of astronomical numbers first To lay the track and build the
infrastructure It's like the electrification revolution in the early 20th
century Because even if the technology has deteriorated The real productivity,
the red power, often takes decades to realize It's like the Internet bubble
2000 years ago Because the capital market will always be before the red power
is really realized First, the future story into the stock price Look back 250
years Every round of technology revolution in the United States Usually there
will only be one core contradiction But the most special part of AI this time
is It may put the most dangerous aspects of history All compressed into the
same wave This means that the impact of AI is not just the rise and fall of a
few technology stocks What it really appreciates is where the capital will go
Which positions will be re-evaluated, which companies will fall first And for
the individual It will also redefine what kind of ability can continue to value
money So today we review The most important five technological revolutions in
the past 250 years Not to talk about history itself But to see the real
difference between AI and this time Please watch this issue to the end Because
you will find out This is not just a story about technological progress But a
story about how capital is re-evaluated How work is re-defined And how the
future position of each of us will be redefined Hello, everyone We are the U.
S.
stock investment network Drive your trading decisions with big data If AI is
just an ordinary technological mainstay The analysis method is not complicated
It's just how big the demand is How fast the penetration rate can climb When
will the profit be met Is the valuation too high This logic The market used to
analyze the Internet, cloud computing, and new energy I have been familiar with
it for a long time But the most special part of Morgan Stanley's report It's
precisely because he didn't use this framework to look at AI Because in his
opinion AI may not only affect the income and profits of a few technology
companies But also the production rate and labor market of the United States
for the next ten years Capital direction Even the entire economic structure
itself That's why this report didn't come up Discuss which company benefits
first But first put the United States in the past 250 years The five
technological waves that have really changed the economic structure Rearranged
Industrial revolution Steam and railway Electrification and internal combustion
engines Electronic and aerial And the Internet and digital network Morgan
Stanley wants to confirm It's not about whether AI will be popular But he is
today It's just another round of technological frenzy Or the sixth
technological revolution in American history Why is this question so important
Because the levels of these two are completely different If AI is just a high-
strength track Of course it is important But more importantly, it remains at the
industrial opportunity level But if it corresponds to the kind of Able to rearr
ange the production rate The wave of employment, investment, and distribution
structure Then its meaning is completely different By that time, the market
really has to face It's not just which company benefits But a bigger problem
Will the US economy reappear again because of AI?
This is also the real purpose of this report Look back at the 250-year history
It's not looking for a hot track for AI But to set the level of AI Because as
long as you accept AI discussion is not a normal technological mainline It's
enough to rearrange the production rate The labor structure and capital flow of
technological revolution So what about the bubble behind Will it break and
collapse?
And all the problems that the US stock market should address Its underlying
logic will change completely If you think this video is helpful to you Remember
to like and collect first Can help at critical moments US hotline 626-378-3637
So which part of history is AI most like this time?
The answer may not be that it is like a certain time But it is the most
dangerous part of history At the same time In the era of railways, the
foundation was first In the era of electricity, it is most difficult to say
that Hong Li came too slow In the era of the Internet, the most out of control
is the market The future is too slow And AI is the most special this time Three
things happen at almost the same time Let's look at the railway first When the
railway was built in the 19th century Investment once accounted for 2.
5% of the US GDP It also accounts for more than 10% of the total capital
formation of the country This is no longer an ordinary industrial expansion But
a nationwide road construction frenzy Today, similar to the logic of road
construction first It is being reenacted in a larger scale on the AI line By 20
26 Four major technology giants are expected to invest $650 billion Used for AI
infrastructure Nearly 60% higher than 2025 Microsoft's second quarter of 2026 S
ingle capital expenses reached $3.
75 billion About two-thirds of which were directly invested in GPU and CPU This
shows that what happened in the AI line stage It's also a large-scale road
construction And history has repeatedly proven The higher the value of this
infrastructure Capital is most likely to rush too hard The later fluctuations
will also be greater After the railway bubble broke, the railway network was
still there Today's computing network may also play a similar role in the
future To put it more frankly The market may first beat the stock But the
infrastructure will usually stay The most electronic-like place today is that
Hongli will not line up immediately Historically, electricity has appeared at
the end of the 19th century But the real push for the US all-element production
rate to rise significantly Wait until 1909 to 1929 The annual growth rate was
about 1.
5% during that time Today's AI is the same OpenAI was revealed in February 2026
Checked GPT users have exceeded 900 million per week The number of subscribers
has exceeded 50 million The speed of expansion is of course very fast But user
growth is not as fast as profit line Model evolution can be calculated by month
But the company process reorganization, employee training and organizational
adaptation It is often calculated by year This is exactly the most realistic AI
now Also the most likely to be underestimated by the market Technology advances
very fast But the enterprise really turns it into profit It's not that fast
Finally, look at the Internet The Internet is most like today's AI Is that the
capital market will always price the future in advance The most typical
experience of the Internet is The real production rate of Hongli has not been
fully realized The market has already put the imagination of the next few years
into it Today's AI is also similar logic Just faster pace The reason is not
just that users are expanding fast and capital investment is heavy It's more
about the market believing The application range of AI may be wider than the
Internet Will be used in more industries and deeper business processes In
addition to realistic constraints Goldman Sachs expects by 2030 Global data
center power demand will increase by about 175% in 2023 That is to reach 2.
75 times You will understand that this round of AI is not just a round of
technological heat It is also a combination market that spreads faster, invests
more, and sets a higher price The most special thing about AI this time It's
not just that the infrastructure is hot After Hongli and the valuation invest
ment are compressed together It also revealed earlier A problem that did not
occur so quickly in the past The model ability itself has begun to be treated
as a systemic risk The market was more worried in the past Will it still be too
noisy?
Will the bubble be broken?
But now it's not just the valuation that is in danger But once the model
ability is strong to a certain extent Will it force the financial system and
the security boundaries of key infrastructure That is to say, the risk is
rising from the price level to the system level That's why the US Treasury
Secretary and the President of the United States Even an emergency meeting of
the heads of several big banks in Wall Street Because what they are worried
about is that once such models fall into the hands of hackers Will it directly
impact the financial system?
And even the model company itself is tightening open According to reports, the
relevant models initially pointed to Limited release to Amazon, Apple, Morgana,
etc.
The purpose is to increase the security of the key system before the wider
spread This shows that the uncertainty brought by AI this time It's not just
the uncertainty of the business competition level But it's starting to enter a
stage of risk prevention and then expansion So what's really unsettling about
AI this time is not just that it's hotter But it puts the most dangerous aspect
of the past few technological revolutions Almost put it in front of us at the
same time The first thing to do is to heat up the market first, and the risk is
even earlier That's why the AI wave can't just be understood in the new
technology industry Because it's not just a matter of valuation and
profitability There is also a layer of pressure that has rarely appeared in the
past When the model ability is strong to a certain extent It's not just assets,
it's more likely to become a risk source first So how should investors and
ordinary people face this wave of AI?
Let's talk about investors first The biggest mistake of this round of the AI
market is to treat it as a simple choice Either brainless or completely avoid
it because of the bubble But the real big technological revolution in history
has never been this way It's not a one-stop shop, it's a layer-by-layer pricing
A super game of stage-by-stage line-by-stage initialization What you really
need to see through is the three-layer logic of this wave The first
beneficiaries are usually people who repair roads, chips, algorithms, data
centers, electricity, and the Internet These basic infrastructure layers eat
the capital that is released first Then the beneficiaries are people who sell產
丝, model manufacturers, tool chains, and enterprise software What they eat is
the need for deployment and expansion But in the end, the ones who can really
go through the cycle are often not the first ones to grow the most It's those
who can put technology into business, turn ability into profit, and turn
traffic into cash flow So the essence of investment is never to see whose story
is best told But to see who can overcome the original intention after the
bubble breaks What you really need to distinguish is not who takes the light of
AI But who gets the order first, who has the income first, and who can make a
profit in the end Because only those who can turn technology into cash flow can
pass through the cycle Let's talk about ordinary people, a lot of people's
anxiety comes from the fear of being replaced But look back at the past five
technological revolutions, technological progress has never made employment
disappear It has never changed whether there is a job, but what kind of job is
more valuable, what kind of ability begins to depreciate This time, the more
cruel reality may not be that the job disappears in an instant But your ability
to survive is being quietly re-evaluated A lot of things from the past, such as
organizing information, referring to key points, writing basic materials, and
doing standardized analysis may not be necessary in the future But their own
value will be greatly suppressed by AI In other words, what you face may not be
immediate unemployment, but more likely to depreciate old ability first This is
slower and more real than being replaced by machines Because the first thing
most people encounter is not the job being deleted directly, but the value
structure of the job being rewritten What was missing in the past was
execution, and what is more likely to be missing in the future is judgment,
integration, cross-field understanding And the ability to put AI into real
business and real demand So the way out for ordinary people is not to compete
with machines for efficiency, but to rebuild their ecological position What is
really needed in the future is not those who can only operate AI tools But
those who can really combine AI and industry knowledge, complex processes, and
human demand You don't have to run faster than machines, but you have to
upgrade faster than yourself yesterday Take a deeper look, the most special
thing about the AI wave is that it has two contradictory but actually co-
existing attributes It is both a bubble and a revolution.
As a bubble, it will definitely accompany capital investment, emotional frenzy,
and violent fluctuations Many companies will be overestimated in this process
and will fall behind in the next round of innovation But as a revolution, it is
likely to be like the railway, electricity, and Internet of Things in those
years Leave a real infrastructure to change the economic structure on the rub
ble after the bubble is broken Organization and production green and red So the
core of the problem is never whether AI is a bubble The real problem is what
will be cleaned in the bubble and what will be left after the innovation This
is why AI cannot be understood only as an ordinary technology narrative For
investors, it is a game about the order of the line and the ability to travel
through the cycle For ordinary people, it is a re-evaluation of skill value and
self-definition And for the whole economy, it is more like a historical rebuild
that has begun but has not ended In such a rebuild, the people who can really
go to the end are never the earliest people But those who can see the
underlying logic and stay awake in the frenzy Okay, today's depth disassembly
is here In the face of this historical rebuild, what is your judgment?
Welcome to leave your thoughts in the comment area If you want to get more deep
and valuable U.
S.
stock market logic through phenomenal reading If this content inspires you,
remember to like and subscribe to the channel Turn on the little bell Your
every interaction is the biggest motivation for us to continue to export high-
quality content See you next time